# SAML conformance profiles
## Objective
As of mid 2015 there following SAML WebSSO profiles are available:
* Kantara Initiative eGovernment Implementation Profile of SAML V2.0
* SAML2int v0.2.1 (SAML 2.0 Interoperability Deployment Profile)
The intention of this effort is to support the update of these profiles, providing more formal references
 to requirements, which in turn can be used by test and conformance evaluation tools.

## Contents
This repository contains a collection of SAML conformance requirements using RFC2119 requirements language. 
Each requirements has a unique id so that a profile gan be generated by referencing requirements. 
Conformance profiles can include or exclude a requirement. There is not provision to override any MUST/SHOULD/MAY etc. inthe requiremnt text.

## View resulting documents
link:index.md[Rendered Documents]


The requirements managed in this repository shall be the base for the next versions of the "Kantara eGovernment Implementation Profile of SAML V2.0" and the "Interoperable SAML 2.0 Web Browser SSO" v0.2 deployment profiles. The core use case is WebSSO/bearer token, referencing following pieces of SAML specifications:
*	Core 
*	Metadata
*	Metadata Interoperability Profile
*	Metadata Extension for Entity Attributes
*	Profiles (Web-SSO Profile, Single Logout Profile)
*	IdP Discovery
*	Binding (HTTP-Redirect Binding beim SAML AuthN-Request, HTTP-POST und HTTP-Artifact Bindings beim SAML Response)
*	Artifact Resolution Profile
*	XML Signature (signature and digest algorithms)
*	XML Encryption (block encryption, key transport & agreement algorithms)
*   All documents considering the latest SAMl Errata

Possible additions:
* ECP 
* Request Initiation protocol and profile

Document parts in the repository are written in Asciidoc. Using the Asciidoc related toolchains (e.g. Asciidoctor) the profile documents can be generated.

